# Aug 24 Security Notice

## Purpose: 
This notice aims to inform readers of important security practices and updates to ensure the protection of our business data and systems.
## Scope: 
Covers fundamental cybersecurity practices, recent security threats, and updated procedures.

## Mis and Disinformation Campaigns 
In a recent investigative report, cybersecurity firm Recorded Future has
uncovered a sophisticated propaganda operation aimed at spreading
disinformation and manipulating public opinion in the Western world. The
operation, which they have named False Façade, is designed to conceal its
origins and cleanse its content before targeting audiences in the West.

This revelation comes after an extensive analysis of the operation's
tactics and strategies. Recorded Future's researchers chose a different
name for the campaign, CopyCop, due to the significant use of generative
AI technology in creating false narratives.

The report further highlights the coordination between False Façade and
other Russian disinformation campaigns such as Doppelganger and Portal
Kombat. These campaigns have been identified by experts as part of a
broader strategy aimed at destabilizing Western democracies.

False Façade's modus operandi involves creating false narratives,
spreading them via social media platforms, and then amplifying their reach
using networks of bot accounts and fake personas. The operation has been
active since at least 2019, and its content covers a broad range of
issues, including politics, economics, and culture.

The report also highlights the significant role played by CopyCop, which
is used to create fake news stories, memes, and other disinformation
content. These items are then spread via social media platforms and
targeted at audiences in specific countries, such as the United States and
Europe.

Experts have expressed concern over False Façade's tactics and their
potential impact on public opinion. They argue that these operations have
the potential to undermine democratic institutions, sow division, and
create confusion, making it challenging for people to distinguish between
fact and fiction.
[watch the video](https://www.disinfo.eu/outreach/our-webinars/11-july-false-facade-and-copycop-two-names-for-a-new-russian-influence-operation/)